# Comparison-of-supervised and unsupervised algorithm results with and without PCA
Customer Segmentation identify customer needs and helps Segmenting your customers can be a powerful means to focusing marketing efforts, so that businesses can increase profits and overall customer satisfaction. This is done by aggregating customers with similar features into one category. The dataset is ‘Wholesale customers Data Set’ obtained from UCI Dataset Repository and is created by Margarida G. M. S. Cardoso.	https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/wholesale+customers
Wholesale Customer dataset contains data about clients of a wholesale distributor and our objective in this project is to segment different customers based on their spending on different caregories. Both supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms are used in the evaluation of this dataset, where classification methods are Gaussian Naïve Bayes and SVM classification and clustering method of K-means clustering. Predictive models were built on the 'Wholesale customers dataset' using supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms. K-means clustering, the unsupervised algorithm gave a maximum silhouette score of 0.399 for a cluster count of two. The score changes to 0.45 for a K value of 3 upon performing PCA. The supervised ML algorithms Gaussian Naive Bayes and SVM classification had an accuracy of 89% and 92%, respectively, before applying the PCA method. So we can conclude that SVM is better than Naïve Bayes algorithm. While the accuracy of SVM classification get reduced by 1% after PCA, the Naive Bayes algorithm's accuracy showed a slight increase of 2%.
